[#62067] Update GitHub and GitLab documentation for coders  https://c… (#18448)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/integrations/github-integration/README.md

---
# GitHub integration

OpenProject offers an integration with GitHub pull requests (PRs) to link software development closely to planning and specification. You can create pull requests in GitHub and link them directly to OpenProject work packages.

## Overview

OpenProject work packages will directly display information from GitHub in a separate tab.

![GitHub tab in an OpenProject work package](openproject-system-guide-github-integation-github-tab-in-wp.png)

The GitHub tab shows all PRs linked to a work package with their corresponding statuses (e.g. 'Open' or 'Merged') as well as the state (e.g. 'success' or 'queued') of the GitHub actions configured to run for a PR. PRs and work packages are in an n:m relationship, so a work package can be linked to multiple PRs and a PR can be linked to multiple work packages.

> Additionally, in your OpenProject work package, the GitHub integration allows you to create a branch straight from the work package and the corresponding pull request.

Reviewer: "supports" was the better choice as OpenProject does not actually create the branch, but just helps you generate a name for the branch.

Author: thank you @as-op, i've updated the text

> Additionally, in your OpenProject work package, the GitHub integration allows you to create a branch straight from the work package and the corresponding pull request.

Author: ```suggestion
Additionally, in your OpenProject work package, the GitHub integration supports you in creating a branch straight from the work package and the corresponding pull request.
```
